# courseratest2

1. The implementation of the page you will be creating should follow the mockup illustrations shown below. You are provided 3 mockups: desktop and tablet (same), mobile, and mobile with mobile menu dropdown shown. Your implementation has to be JUST 1 page. In other words, you will be creating a single, responsive page.
2. Your page must include a CSS file. No inline styles allowed. Your CSS file should be placed into a css folder under the solution container folder, e.g., module3-solution/css.
3. For this assignment, you are to use Twitter Bootstrap CSS Framework as much as possible. I suggest you start with copying the starter bootstrap files and folders we discussed in Lecture 25 part 2. If you've cloned/downloaded the code example repository, it should be in the examples/Lecture25 folder. Copy the contents of examples/Lecture25 to your solution container folder (e.g., module3-solution) as a starting point..
4. Since we are using Bootstrap for this assignment, instead of specifying pixel ranges, I will define our desktop, tablet, and mobile views in terms of Bootstrap CSS class prefixes, i.e., md, sm, and xs.
5. Desktop mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap md-based classes
Tablet mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap sm-based classes
Mobile mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap xs-based classes
6.Navbar: Create a navbar that scrolls away together with the page (the navbar should become invisible and is not fixed to the top when you scroll the page down). The navbar should have a company name (i.e., navbar-brand class) called "Food, LLC" that is aligned to the left side of the navbar
7.Create a single really tall section that will use the Bootstrap Grid and take up the entire width of the browser window (minus some margins, of course) for all views: desktop, tablet, and mobile. To make the section really tall, you can either fill it out with a LOT of text or simply set its height to something like 1000px. It needs to be tall enough to cause scrolling down to be required to view the bottom of the section. Make sure its background color is set to distinguish it from the rest of the content. (Hint: don't forget to have an element with a class='container' or class='container-fluid' wrapping your grid. Remember that to have the grid do something "always", i.e., no matter what browser window size, use the col-xs-... classes. In this case, since we want the section to take up the entire row, use col-xs-12.)
